in
so I'm about ready to start dinner and
it is spicy sloppy joes and it's one of
those where my wife goes hey I know
since you're gonna make sloppy joes one
who's filming kind of like the peppers
onions and eggs episode so this is me
kind of half dad mode where I'm just
cooking but I'm gonna show you guys when
I'm making so I figured I'd set the
camera up and we'd start rolling this
episode it wasn't a planned episode of
like a last minute thing I was at the
store and she suggested it so it sound
like a great idea come on in let me show
you the ingredients I got the olive oil
I'm using a I'm using my canola olive
oil mixture tomato paste tomato sauce a
little Montreal seasoning Worcestershire
sauce got my ground beef my cut up
onions red bell peppers brown sugar and
crushed red pepper it's where we're
gonna get our heat and then we've got
red wine vinegar here and I got these
rolls and this is this is the key I
don't know about you guys I'm not a big
heavy dense bread person but by these
roles in the bakery area of the store
almost every store has these type of
rolls they're kind of like a kaiser roll
and they're really soft it's almost full
of air I could crush this with two
fingers so I enjoy these because I don't
like a lot of bread first thing I want
to do is start browning your meat a
little bit of oil about a pound and a
half pound on 1/4 of ground beef
now here's where I'm gonna have it add
in my red pepper why am i doing it at
this point because I want to make sure
it cooks in we have everything almost
brown I'm going to put the some Montreal
steak seasoning in and we're gonna put
the brown sugar in let's work that in
right now okay let's not stop here
everything's going good I'm not using
all my onions and diced up a large onion
you only asked for like a medium there
we go
same with the red bell pepper if it
looks like you got a lot of red bell
pepper going in just hold back leave a
little bit in the bowl let's put in the
red wine vinegar get tomato sauce in
there
then we're gonna put all this tomato
paste in here okay now as you can see
it's bubbling pretty good I'm gonna
lower the flame then with simmer then
I'm gonna work everything together get
all the flavors in together we've done a
lot to this dish so we got to make sure
everything is incorporated okay and
you're gonna cook this down about five
minutes all the times are in the recipe
down below we're just gonna let this
thicken up just a little bit the next
five minutes so then I'll meet you over
the table we'll put them on some buns
and we'll try it out I said buttons now
you can't tell us so I'm just telling
you right now I toasted these in the
oven so the tops are crusty oh yeah
there it is look at that and it'll
probably guess why they call it sloppy
joes because the moment you press down
all this stuff's going all over the
place so make sure you have plenty of
napkins okay all right give it a try
Wow follow Bart mm-hmm Wow Wow yeah and
make sure you have a spoon nearby these
things are great look at that it's just
falling apart
I love it sloppier the better ooh
my eyes are watering and it's it's spicy
too it's why we're calling them spicy
sloppy joes come on over here and I'll
let you have a bite but make it quick
cuz this thing's going alright I'll see
you guys on the next episode